"It has been proven
that 70% of people
have fantasized
about having group sex,
but only 50% have actually done so."
The Game of Keys must be a joke.
I know.
Can you imagine having sex...
with Gaby, or Bárbara,
or Siena?
And me having sex with Leo...
Valentín...
or Sergio? It's like...
- Right.
- ...weird, right?
Siena is crazy, don't you think?
I think so.
Too open-minded.
And I think...
Sergio too.
Can you do it? You promised.
Julieta! What happened?
- I need to get out of here. Sorry.
- Are you coming back tomorrow?
- Chata!
- Don't call her. Come here.
What are you doing?
Just relax.
We'll get a full-time nanny...
Would you have sex with Leo?
With Sergio, right?
Maybe...
- Come here.
- Take your shirt off.
Are you sure?
- I'm sorry.
- It's okay.
Óscar, my God!
THE GAME OF KEYS
Good morning.
- Good morning!
Hey, you sound so cheerful.
It's a beautiful day.
- And the scarf?
- It looks nice, doesn't it?
- Let me see it.
- No, Bárbara.
Have you been attacked
by a giant leech?
No. It was Óscar.
Last night, we had the best sex ever.
- Really?
- Yes.
Leo and I fucked three times.
Not one or two, three.
- Three?
- Three!
- Sandra can hear you.
- She knows me.
Hi, Sandra. Am I interrupting?
Of course not!
I couldn't help myself.
I had to come over
and talk about last night.
No kidding, you had wild sex.
- Is it so obvious?
- You look radiant.
You too?
That fucking game
Siena suggested...
turned us all on.
Do you think
Sergio and Siena really do that,
or did she just do it
to mess with us?
- I'm so willing to stalk the girl.
- Let's see.
- That fucking body can't be real.
- She's 20 years old, it's real.
Good point.
Have you seen where they are?
I heard their vegan menu is tasty.
I'm hungry.
Don't you want to go for lunch?
- It's time for tequila.
- I think it's a good idea.
Let's go.
- See you, Sandra.
- Bye.
Here is the appointment book.
Are you sure it's here?
Is this the place?
There they are!
- Act natural, you fools.
- She's with a girl exactly like her.
Hi. Can we take that table?
You did!
- Of course not.
- I know you, Siena.
Siena?
- What a nice surprise!
- Hi.
- Hey.
- What are you doing here?
What a coincidence, huh?
Yes, totally.
Gala, these are
Sergio's school friends.
From last night's party.
- Join us.
- We don't want to bother you.
We had a great time last night,
right?
Until I mentioned
The Game of Keys and you ran away.
You didn't play?
You have no idea what you're missing!
They freaked out.
No, we didn't.
It was so unexpected.
Do you guys play that game
on a regular basis?
Is that normal?
I know that women in their 40s aren't
as open about sex, but...
Hold your horses!
We 40-year-old ladies
have a very active sex life.
And ladies in our mid-30s too.
The 40s are the new 20s.
- Okay. But always with the same guy.
- Good point.
- Waiter!
- Don't you get bored?
Sometimes.
- Guys...
- Tequila, please.
Lemonade for me.
- No, a glass of wine for her.
- A glass of wine, then.
Vanilla ice cream
isn't the only flavor.
Cookies and Cream is an option.
Caramel...
Strawberry...
You should try them all.
- It's not that simple.
- But it is.
Pick a man,
and I'll get his number for you.
Look, Siena, honey.
Any man would be happy
to give you his number.
Adriana, it's not all about looks.
It's about your mind power.
See? I always tell you,
it's all in the mind.
It's about mastering
your sexual power.
Come on.
- Pick a guy.
- Whoever you want.
- Anybody?
- Just pick one.
Cookies and Cream over there.
Now, close your eyes.
First, visualize him.
And repeat after me...
"I want to fuck you."
Say it, Adriana!
- "I want to fuck you."
- No. Listen.
Like you mean it!
Imagine you're tearing
his clothes off.
"I want to fuck you."
Very good.
Now go over there and ask
his number without hesitation.
Just do it.
Don't give it too much thought.
- What?
- Just do it!
- Come on!
- It's so embarrassing...
Do it!
- Is she really going to do it?
- She is.
Hello.
He seems to be a womanizer.
- He's writing it down.
- Maybe he's gay.
- He had his card ready.
- He is not gay.
Good job!
It felt great.
Explain yourself.
It was like I've regained
my self-control.
I felt so self-confident, you know.
Did you get excited?
Ladies, you were taught
to repress your sex drive.
But that's over.
It's time you break free.
- Have new experiences.
- I'm ready for it!
I have a question.
Sergio doesn't mind
that you screw someone else?
Don't you get jealous
when he fucks another girl?
Jealousy gives
a special twist to the relationship.
We have an open relationship,
but some rules apply.
When he tells me his experiences
with other women,
and I tell him mine...
we have the best sex ever.
You could try.
Girls, there's a world
of sexual pleasure out there.
Siena got me thinking.
She blew my mind.
I'm not going to lie to you.
It sounds really tempting.
Are you sure you would do that?
I don't know.
I'm 35 years old,
and I've only had sex
with my husband.
I don't want to die like that.
- We need to do something about that.
- Can we persuade them?
"Honey, would you like
to have sex with other women?"
No man could resist that.
- I buy it.
- Good point.
I hadn't heard that since school.
Now we'll say,
"I want a shot with your husband."
I need you to behave yourselves.
Smile, please.
- Stop it.
- Honey, you smile too.
We're having a nanny,
aren't you happy?
I am. Let's do this.
Hello!
Come in, please.
Hello.
Hello. Come in, please.
No way!
Hello! Hey!
Come in, please.
Drop that!
Thanks.
What were you doing?
Nothing, baby. Sorry.
What's up?
How was your day?
- You kept me up all night.
- You too.
It was great.
Can I have a sip?
- Guess who we ran into at lunch?
- Mom?
- No. Siena, Sergio's girlfriend.
- Really?
Do you think I need to work out?
Do I look chubby?
We had a very interesting
conversation with Siena.
Tell me about it later.
I need to go to the bathroom.
Kim Kardashian's app is unmatched.
Just download it to your iPad,
enter your credit card details,
and your kids can buy
clothes and shoes, take selfies.
They'll be quiet for hours.
- Kim Kardashian? Really?
- Stop it, Leo. Please.
I need a drink.
- Stop messing around. I'm serious.
- He started it again.
I can't believe it.
Darling, do your homework.
I can't believe there isn't...
one wise, honest,
and intelligent person...
who can help us with the kids.
Honestly.
It seems we're doomed
to stay here
for the rest of our days,
confined to this house,
you and me dealing with the kids.
Oh, don't say that, Bárbara.
- Everything's going to be okay.
- I don't think so.
That silence isn't usual.
Fuck! Luly left the front door open!
Fidel!
- Emiliano. Are you okay?
- Yes.
- What are you doing?
- The assignment the lady told us.
- What lady?
- Her.
Good morning. My name is
Carmen Sofía Margarita García,
and I came for the job
as a full-time nanny.
Nice to meet you. Take a seat.
I'd rather stand
if it's okay with you.
Here's my résumé.
Thanks.
I have a degree in Child Psychology
from the University of Zaragoza.
I'm fluent in three languages,
and trained as a first-aider.
Well, yes. You seem highly qualified.
So what brings you to Mexico?
It doesn't sound right that
a highly qualified person like you
is looking for a job as a nanny.
Don't you think?
Carmen, excuse us.
I need to talk to my husband.
Thank you.
- What?
- What's gotten into you?
- We can't hire her.
- Why not?
We don't need a Spaniard lady
to teach us
how to raise our children.
She's already colonizing them.
Colonizing them?
They are doing their homework, Leo.
What are you going to do
when they dance flamenco
- and go to bullfights?
- I'll be so happy!
My Aztec forefathers are rolling over
in their graves, Bárbara.
We've already talked about it, Leo.
You weren't going to put
your ideologies before your family.
Okay.
Carmen?
The job is yours.
I'm convinced dogs have souls.
In those huge black eyes
I can see more kindness
than in most people I know.
You care so much for that puppy,
I'm sure you'll be a great mother.
Mom, please. Don't start with that.
Valentín, what's the harm
in talking about grandchildren?
Sorry to say so,
but I'll be a terrific grandmother.
You will.
Sure you will.
And when we have kids,
we're going to be
very grateful for you.
Honestly, I don't understand
your generation.
It's great to raise cats and dogs,
and post it on social media.
But, Valentín...
What are you waiting for?
Look at your wife.
She is beautiful.
Much more beautiful than you deserve.
- Son of a bitch!
- Ernesto, please.
And you have all my money too.
But you don't want to spend it
on having kids.
Look, the Lombardos' seed
has always been
very effective. Right?
But I don't know, maybe you need
one of those tests to check...
- your sperm...
- Ernesto, there's no need.
It was a suggestion.
- Are you serious?
- Yes.
Well, there's no problem
with the Lombardos' seed.
Valentín and I are
healthy enough
to have babies.
And don't think we aren't trying.
Valentín is perfectly fine.
Gaby is tremendous.
I propose a toast
to the Lombardos' seed.
- Come on, love. To your seed.
- Cheers, honey.
Cheers.
My boss loved my ideas
for the new marketing campaign.
- You know, the toilet paper account.
- I know.
We're almost done.
The pitch is next week.
That's great, hon. I'm happy for you.
You should get rid of those slippers.
It was a gift from Mica.
Look what she just gave me.
I would never get rid of them.
Otherwise we couldn't do our dance.
Did I tell you
we ran into Siena at lunch?
You mentioned it.
She insisted on explaining
how The Game of Keys works.
The girl's obsessed with sex,
isn't she?
I guess.
But I don't know.
I mean, she made a very good point.
Why should we have
only one sexual partner
for the rest of our lives?
I think
it might be worth considering.
I mean, I think it might be worth...
Sure. It'd be super cool.
I think we should all move in
with Gaby and Valentín.
Like a community.
We could go around naked
having sex all day.
I'm not joking.
- I want to try, Óscar.
- Why?
Because I feel like we're stuck.
Stuck? Wait a second!
Listen.
I love you as much
as when we got married.
And I love you too.
That's not the point.
I think we need a change.
Do something new.
Make something happen.
And you think having sex with
other guys is the change you need?
Honey.
We've been married
since we finished school.
Have you never considered
having sex with another girl?
- I would never cheat on you.
- It wouldn't be cheating.
That's the whole point.
I guess.
Are you sure
you wouldn't be angry or jealous
if I had sex
with one of your friends?
I'm sure.
We are together in this.
The Lombardos' seed! What the fuck!
I don't know
how you managed not to laugh.
Dad refers to me as if I were
a reproduction machine.
I know nothing about
the Lombardos' seed,
but I agree you'd make
quite a reproduction machine.
Your mom is right.
Our children would be beautiful,
intelligent, cultured...
Cool.
Gaby?
You too?
What?
Do you have any idea
how much work
it takes to raise a child?
See Leo and Bárbara.
We wouldn't have time for us.
We couldn't do everything
we've planned.
Sweetheart,
we aren't Bárbara and Leo.
You and I are very blessed,
we could hire help.
Nannies, drivers.
We could travel the world
with our children.
It'd be quite an adventure.
I know! And I'm sure
you'd the best mom ever.
But it isn't the right time yet.
The day will come, I promise.
You've been saying that
for six years.
What do you think
about the game Siena suggested?
The Game of Keys?
It sounds interesting, doesn't it?
You, Valentín, be willing to play?
Why not?
It's like a bomb
about to blow, Bárbara!
Why would it be?
If we all agree, what's the problem?
Sounds great in theory,
but once you have sex
with someone else,
it's hard not to have
feelings for them.
When you cross those boundaries,
there's no turning back.
Pushing boundaries is what we need.
It would be
our own sexual revolution.
Leo.
I think...
it's time to stand
against the establishment.
This isn't working.
We need to do something.
- One more round, please.
- Just give me a moment!
Come on.
- Give me five minutes.
- Don't be a bore.
- Give me a break.
- Please.
Just five minutes.
Just five minutes, okay? That's all.
Okay. Five minutes.
- Meanwhile, I'll warm up.
- For what?
- Haven't you warmed up enough?
- For the next round.
Hey?
I liked all your friends.
Did you?
Did you know Óscar
was behind the viral advertising
of the Seven Dwarfs
and their toilets in the woods?
Yes, I knew.
I didn't think it could interest you.
And Leo...
I think he's an interesting guy.
I see you really liked my friends.
- Would you fuck them?
- Of course I would.
They are all sexy daddies.
One, it's funny you've called them
sexy daddies.
Two, they aren't
as open-minded as we are.
And three, they will never agree
to your game.
- I bet 500 pesos that they will.
- They won't.
They're going to play
before the end of the month.
Oh, come on!
- Okay, fine. 500 pesos.
- 500 pesos.
- The easiest 500 pesos of my life.
- I'll beat you, honey.
- Come here, sweetie.
- Are you recovered?
- Not really, but I can try.
- Sergio, come on!
ARE YOU READY
FOR THE FIRST ROUND?
OUR HOME TONIGHT?
GENTLEMEN, BRING YOUR KEYS
You woke up pretty early.
- You have work to do?
- No.
But I'm planning
our first official Game of Keys.
Tonight?
- Here?
- Yes.
You are out of your mind.
We decided it yesterday, Óscar.
No, we decided that it might be
a good idea to do it someday.
Not tonight in our own home.
If we don't do it now,
we're never going to.
What about Mica?
We're not having a wild party
with her around.
Of course not!
Don't worry, I'll take care of it.
You got the message?
I did.
Are we sure we want to play?
We are.
Ask her if she needs anything.
- Come on, let's go.
- Take her out, please.
Go.
Here.
Thanks, honey.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
I got the message.
Shall we confirm we'll go?
WE'LL BE THERE
One... two...
Sent.
You're overreacting.
That's not going to happen.
- One of your lady friends?
- I don't know. Read it.
- You owe me 500 pesos.
- What do you mean?
- No way!
- See? Told you!
Let the Game of Keys begin!
Hey.
What are you doing tonight?
- Do you have plans?
- No.
Maybe I'll check who's online later.
Paola and Vanessa?
Why don't you go to the movies?
It's on me!
You can sleep over at Vanessa's.
Her parents are out of town,
aren't they?
Why are you insisting
on getting me out of the house?
I just want you to have a good time.
You're not a little girl anymore.
Listen, Mica.
The thing is...
Your dad and I need some time
to hang out.
- I mean...
- No, you didn't say that.
It's natural.
It's obvious that we need to have...
Don't say another word.
Gross!
What's gotten into you?
Done.
- Hi!
- Where did you get that car?
Am I taking you in a cab
to your first Game of Keys in Mexico?
Of course not! Get in.
Thank you.
Isn't it nice?
Aren't you supposed to be broke?
You still owe me 500 pesos!
You're only broke
if you think you're broke.
Come on. It's getting late.
Hit the gas!
Adriana?
Do you like how it looks?
- It looks nice. Can we talk?
- What?
- Can we talk?
- What's wrong?
- I don't think I can do this.
- What?
Everyone's on their way.
I know. But I didn't have time
to process this.
What if...
you have sex with some other guy
and fall in love?
Sweetheart, no.
No, don't say that.
That's not going to happen.
You are the world to me...
But...
We won't do it if you don't want to.
It's your choice.
Okay.
- I'll get it.
- No, I'll get it.
Okay.
Okay, go.
Pre-Hispanic cuisine is
more complicated than French cuisine.
I think.
Mezcal, finally.
It's been really hot
these last few days, hasn't it?
You never know in this town.
It's cold, it's hot.
You wear your winter clothes
in the morning, and then it pours.
Relax, guys!
We'll have a great time.
But before we start, it's important
that we set four ground rules.
Rule number one.
This is obvious. Safe sex.
Agree?
Rule number two.
There should be no sex
beyond the game.
Rule number three.
Everything must be consensual.
Rule number four.
You can't fall for anyone.
This is strictly sexual.
Do we all agree?
Now, gentlemen. Your keys, please.
Because tonight,
ladies get to choose.
Okay...